<song artist="Bon_Iver" title="Woods">
I'm up in the woods
I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still
to slow down the time.
I'm up in the woods
I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still
to slow down the time. 
I'm up in the woods
I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still
to slow down the time. 
I'm up in the woods
I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still
to slow down the time. 
I'm up in the woods
I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still
to slow down the time. 
I'm up in the woods
I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still
to slow down the time. 
I'm up in the woods
I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still
to slow down the time. 
I'm up in the woods
I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still
to slow down the time. 
I'm up in the woods
I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still
to slow down the time. 
I'm up in the woods
I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still
to slow down the time. 
I'm up in the woods
I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still
to slow down the time.
</song>